# Parallel_Fibonacci_Code_Generator_Using_Synchronization_Mechanisms
This program reads the information about the alphabet (symbols and frequencies) from STDIN, sorting the symbols in the alphabet in decreasing order based on the frequency. If two or more symbols have the same frequency, it will use the symbol's ASCII value to break the tie (the higher the value, the higher the priority).

After assigning a positive integer value (starting from 1) to the symbols in the sorted alphabet, the program must create a child thread per number of symbols in the alphabet.  Each child thread will determine the Fibonacci code based on the received integer value from the main thread. After the child threads calculate the Fibonacci code, they will print the information about the symbol, its frequency, and the Fibonacci code, writing the Fibonacci code into a memory location available to the main thread. Finally, the main thread will use the codes generated by the child threads to decompress a file.
Each child thread will execute the following tasks:
Receive the integer value needed to calculate the Fibonacci code from the main thread.
Calculate the Fibonacci code.
Print the information about the symbol (symbol, frequency, Fibonacci code). The output message provided in the example below.
Write the received information into a memory location accessible by the main thread.
Finish its execution.
Input Format: The Moodle server will use input redirection using the following input file format: 

The number of symbols in the alphabet (integer value)
n lines (where n is the number of symbols in the alphabet) with the information about the symbols in the alphabet. Each line has one character and one integer representing a symbol and its frequency (separated by a single white space).
The name of the compressed file.
Example Input File:

7
C 2
O 1
S 1
  1
3 2
6 1
0 1
compfile1.txt
The program must print the information about the symbols based on their order in the input file. Therefore, you must use synchronization mechanisms to guarantee that child threads print the information about each symbol in the correct order. 

After receiving the Fibonacci codes from the child threads, the main thread decompresses the contents of a file (sequence of bits represented as a string) and prints the decompressed message.

Given the previous input file and the following compressed file:

111011001111010110110110001110011 
The expected output is:

Symbol: C, Frequency: 2, Code: 11
Symbol: O, Frequency: 1, Code: 1011
Symbol: S, Frequency: 1, Code: 0011
Symbol:  , Frequency: 1, Code: 01011
Symbol: 3, Frequency: 2, Code: 011
Symbol: 6, Frequency: 1, Code: 00011
Symbol: 0, Frequency: 1, Code: 10011
Decompressed message = COSC 3360
Restriction:
I was not allowed to use global variables.
I must define the critical sections following the guidelines..
I must use POSIX threads. 
I could only use named POSIX semaphores, pthreads mutex semaphores, or pthreads condition variables to achieve synchronization. Using pthread_join or sleep to synchronize your threads is not allowed. A penalty of 100% will be applied to submissions using the previous system calls to synchronize the child threads.
I could not use different memory addresses to pass the information from the parent thread to the child threads.
I must use the output statement format based on the example above.
